Interview Schedule
  Thank you for agreeing to be interviewed
  Thank you for the information you provided in the scoping survey

Just going through a few points before we start:
  Approximately 45 minutes
  Informed consent
  You don ́t need to answer any questions you don ́t like to
  No right or wrong answers
  You can stop at any point without giving a reason
  Will be recorded but data kept confidentially, secured and deleted after analysis
  If quotes will be used, they will be redacted to not reveal your identity

Outlook and purpose:
  About your experiences of using data in your work
  Interviews will be analysed and the results can help to understand the processes of how data is used
  Help improve how people engage with data

Content:
  We are interested in the whole process of how you are using data in your work to help make decisions
  We are interested in your experiences and thoughts when using data 

Interview questions:
  What’s your job title, please describe your role? 
  How do you work with data:
    What types of data, how does the data look like (e.g. spreadsheets, graphs, CSV,..)
  What do you typically do with the data? (high level task)
    Do you work mostly alone or with others?
  How often do you make decisions within your work that are fully or partially based on data? 
    Talk me through how you made that decision? What sources did you consult? Did you discuss your decisions with others?
  With how many different datasets (sources) are you interacting in a day / in a week?
  Do you search for new datasets?
  Exploring a dataset:
    When you see data on something which is new for you what do you look at first? When you open a dataset you’ve never seen before, what do you look at first?
    How do you evaluate data / a new data set to whether it is useful for you?
    What are your requirements on a data set - which kind of information are you looking for initially?
  Which tools do you use to work with the data? 
    What do you like about the tool you are using? 
    What do you dislike?
  Where would you say have you learned the skills to search and use the data?
    In your formal education, on the job, colleagues, self-taught? 
  What are your personal challenges in working with data?
    Things that you find tricky, things you complain about
  How would your ideal process of using data to make a decision (personal example given in the beginning of the interview) look like? 
    Describe the steps and what would need to work for that ideal process
    What would make it easier? 

Debrief:
  Is there anything else you would like to say before we end the interview?
  Thank you for taking the time. We very much appreciate it! If you like a follow-up information to get to know more about the results let us know. You have our email address.
